disk
chief programmer
symbolic language
unit test
service provider
generator
inductive assertion
outgoing link
run time
system support
develop human resource plan
end item
control flow diagram
computing center
conceptual model
baseline management
milestone
fault tolerant
entity subtype
design strategy
approval
maintenance
failure mode
working metamodel
network chart
iterative construct
technical review
upload
information item
binder
soft error
data flowchart
approach
keyword
translator
feature branch
software tag
requirements elicitation
transaction schema
test item
interim function point count
persistent storage
T-profile
enterprise
absolute instruction
microprogrammable computer
plan communications
secondary risk
agile software development
alpha testing
class-level attribute
identify stakeholders
support activity group
activity duration
parent box
master library
process tailoring
control flow
essential Scrum
data bank
minimum releasable features
higher order language
support software
specification tree
machine readable
soft failure
patch
level 1 record group
function type
plan quality
rating interval
data flow graph
bug
reconcile
Cynefin
software quality evaluation
task structuring
S-curve
programming language
free float
content link
plan
develop project charter
page zero
software development plan
dynamic analysis
reentry point
command driven
requirements engineering
adaptive maintenance
relationship instance
transaction file
trend
taxonomy
trade-off
promotion
automated build
holding cost
powertype
resource calendar